docs(dropdown): usage and style updates (#2127)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/dropdown/usage.mdx

- With a dropdown list, the selected option is always visible, and the other
  options are visible by clicking and opening the list.
- A combo box is a combination of a standard list box or a dropdown list that

>   lets you type inside the input field to find an option that best represents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  lets users type inside the input field to find an option that matches
```

>   your inputted value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  their inputted value.
```
